chore: Add docs for each comptime method (#5802)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/noir/standard_library/meta/quoted.md

---
title: Quoted
---

`std::meta::quoted` contains methods on the built-in `Quoted` type which represents
quoted token streams and is the result of the `quote { ... }` expression.

## Methods

### as_expr

#include_code as_expr noir_stdlib/src/meta/quoted.nr rust

Parses the quoted token stream as an expression. Returns `None` if
the expression failed to parse.

Example:

```rust

> comptime {

Reviewer: Do we have code examples from our test programs we can include here? Same with the other examples? Non-blocking though

Author: Done

    let add: Expr = quote { 1 + 2 }.as_expr().unwrap();

    let (_one, op, _two) = add.as_binary_op().unwrap();
    assert(op.is_add());
}
```

### as_module

#include_code as_module noir_stdlib/src/meta/quoted.nr rust

Interprets this token stream as a module path leading to the name of a module.

> Returns `None` if the module isn't found or this cannot be parsed as a path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns `None` if the module isn't found or the token stream cannot be parsed as a path.
```

Example:

```rust
mod foo {
    mod bar { ... }
}

comptime {
    let my_mod = quote { foo::bar }.as_module().unwrap();
    assert_eq(my_mod.name(), quote { bar });
}
```

### as_trait_constraint

#include_code as_trait_constraint noir_stdlib/src/meta/quoted.nr rust

Interprets this token stream as a trait constraint (without an object type).

> Note that this function panics instead of returning None if the token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this function panics instead of returning `None` if the token
```
